hello my loves welcome back to
my channel here I have a video that was
a request from someone and thank you very much
by request the video will be treated
how I apply what the blogs
area where the blog should go and for
course the brush everything I should use
to apply the blush process ok
I'm also going to show you what kind
of rumors go according to the tone of
skin that they have do not miss the video
so they can see step by step how I
I do now I'm going to show you four
brushes that are the four favorites that
I have and these four can use them
to apply your blog
ok we are going to start with the number
one that this is my favorite of all the
most favorite of all because they are all
my favorites but is the favorite of
all ok
this is if you can see it is finite and
It's like the little tip like that and this is from
mac 116 for the reason that I like is
very much is because if I eat the tip
I can only pick up a little bit of
product and it helps me to make it more
defined in the area where he applied me only
That 's why my favorite is good
and now we will continue with the other is
it's an angular brush if you can see
it's like this and this is sigma's the f40 ok
and I like it too but this one tends
to grab a little more product by
that's my favorite number 2 because and
it looks like this
and also this easy to explain because
is made angular and already has the
figure from where one can apply the
Blog
let's continue now for this then
This is can be used for powder is
good in itself is for dust but as no
it's so big you can use it for the blog
I also use it for the glory sometimes
when some of my brushes are
dirty use this is 30 sigma and
this one also has to grab a
little more of product but not what
it only takes with the part of
up a little bit in the center and so on
after this I like it because it smokes
well the product or does not apply it and what
it disappears and they are super super cute ok and
I told you these efe 30 sigma ok
let's continue for the last one is to
my face like it's not my face to be a little
fine I do not need a brush so
great but this time is to make sure
that distributes it well the blush use this
and distributed it super super well to this
make sure it looks good
like the way I want it to
course and this river techniques I what
I will leave the description of all
these brushes and everything in case
interested in buying any of them
Although that's what I told you, these are the
four of my favorites
although I 'm going to show you these three
tones that are super cute to the
people who are brown skinned ok
I 'll start if you can see it there from
close ok I'll start with this with
this we are going to start that is the most
clear of everything as he thinks like this that
a light rosy okey this is super
cute on dark skin gives a tone
super cute to the cheeks and highlights
a lot for the color of them also this
another that is a darker pink and
has a little flame you shine when
it gets on the cheek you can see there
this gives a little more brightness illuminates
superb and cute cute cute although he did
This color is very nice to the
people that Lorraine is also this
another that is like a spider to the color
orange clarito ok or lounge and this
color also is super beautiful because
I have used it since it is a person of color
that the brunette and they are super cute ok
and now I'm going to show you other rumors
that are going to super cute people
which are clear skin color of the same
skin tone
or people who also have the skin to
color the color of cinnamon skin ok let's
start on this and it 's almost empty this
although they think it or almost a color
plum here looks like this too I have
I have this other
ok it looks like this and it looks super cute
people who have skin color like this
like mine although I 'm also going to
show this other that is a little rose that
it's super super cute and it looks super
cute gives you such a beautiful touch
beautiful cheeks is super beautiful
since also this other
This is being more for night
because it has a little bit of good brightness
a little bit beautiful if you can
see there and this is like an orange diet
with glitter and looks super nice in the
cheek this bad I use it more at night
okay
something that they take into account if their color of
skin is a little color of dark skin or
Triguena try to use this blog is that
be rumors that are a light color
to highlight their energy though
never go for dark colors
because what they want is to focus more on their
measure and that you see that that
little color so nice do not try to use
this little clear color now I 'm going to
explain step by step how they should
apply was replaced his blush and the
take advantage of what they can use to
apply it now I'm going to show you how
must apply the blog on the blush
always remember that they have to
Apply it under the bone if
they only touch something success that here the
Bone of the cheek and the blog should go
under the little bone ok I'm just going to apply
in the following way
and there's a suntan lotion of mine here
down I'm just going to apply the blog
I put my face like this to know where I should
put it so that it becomes definite
I apply it that way and now that it's applied
so it does not look like this
I'm going to blur it
ok and when I'm sure it's the
amount that I want if I want it to look
stronger I will apply more but
for this look
I just want it to look like that ok
traca saw in my tailbone and I
apply up here on top of the bronzer
okay
and you can follow
distributing the blog well until
remain of the tone that you want it
okay
applied a little bit more on the other side
if you can see it there
I hope you liked the video
they forget to leave requests if they have
petitions also remember that I have
facebook I have instagram can follow me
on my social networks also if not
are subscribed to my channel can
subscribe please unfortunately all
what they already did also not be
forget I have a contest where I go to
give a palette I'll leave the
link so that they can watch the video
previous if you have not seen it like this
subscribe to the channel to be part
of the contest I have a lot of weight thank you
for all your support chau bye until the
next